1. why we used NPM?
 - Node package manegar 
 - Its store are all package in the node module folder.
 - reduce the code into the minified

2. What is the alternative of NPM?
Yan is the alternative of NPM.

3. react version ?
19.2.5

4. What is package.json ?
It's a most important file which store all the package.

5. How to add new npm package?
-  first npm install package name
- 2nd way direct add the package with version in package.json file and the run this npm install package then its install it.

6. remove npm package
- 1st npm uninstall package name
- 2nd remove from the package.json file and run npm install its remove the package.

7. custom commands
"scripts": {
    "Puja": "react-scripts start",
  },

  npm Puja its work now 

8. What is component?
- A piece of code that can reuse
- Such as function
- But more powerful than function - Because it's on life circle and scope
- Header abd footer is best example of component.
- component is used in same page and other page as well.

9 Type of component?
Functional component
class component
HOC(High order component)
pure component
controlled component
Uncontrolled component

10 One component we can create another component.

11 Angular and react we can write in on project.
Yes we can do that

11. JavaScript xml(JSX)
- Write HTML and JavaScript together

State in Functional component
what is state.
It is an object in which we can store the data.

why used state
Because when we are store direct variable component value is not changed that's why we can used it.

Props with functional component

what is Props?
Props (short for properties) are read-only values that are passed from a parent component to a child component in React.

What are hooks in ReactJs
With Hook we can use class component features in functional components such as state,
life cycle,pure component etc

What is useEffect?


Install Bootstrap
Css and js ki libarary hai 
https://react-bootstrap.netlify.app/docs/getting-started/introduction

commands for install bootstrap
npm install react-bootstrap bootstrap

Why use map function not forloop
return() statement ke ander map support karna hai for loop nhi karta esliye hum react me array ke value show karne ke liye Map() ka use karte hai.

What is React Fragment?

Use it with Child commands.




